hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2021 comedy paw
patrol
warning spoilers ahead
a truck driver in adventure bay crashes
and hangs from the town's suspension
bridge
when captain turbot sees what's going on
he calls ryder who dispatches the paw
patrol pups
chase the police dog comes to the truck
driver's rescue
meanwhile mayor humdinger the paw
patrol's archenemy was recently elected
mayor of nearby adventure city
liberty a dachshund alerts the team to
humdinger's infamous wrongdoings in
foggy bottom
chase refuses to go because he has a
history in the city dating back to when
he was a puppy but ryder persuades him
to return
the team arrives at their new
headquarters and settles in
meanwhile humdinger uses a cloud catcher
to clear the weather so he can perform
his firework display
the show goes off the rails and the team
is notified
they slam into a traffic jam but liberty
appears and directs them to city hall
they are able to handle the situation
but chase is unable to save some people
who are instead rescued by marshall
humdinger enraged orders his henchman
butch and ruben to eliminate the paw
patrol by any means possible
a few days later humdinger constructs a
subway extension with several inversions
akin to a roller coaster
when it breaks the passengers are
trapped upside down
they are rescued by the pups but chase
freezes and must be rescued by sky
chase is upset by ryder's suggestion
that he take a break from his duties so
he flees and is quickly apprehended by
humdinger's henchmen
the team discovers a number of missing
dogs which ryder connects to humdinger
liberty is kidnapped on purpose and
taken to a dog jail where she meets
snooty valley girl poodle dolores and
saves chase and the other dogs who then
chase ruben and butch
ryder leads chase to where he was
discovered and explains that he chose
him because he was the bravest dog he
had ever met
meanwhile the cloud catcher has gone
critical and kendra wilson the creator
confronts humdinger
he destroys the remote and reveals his
humbling her height structure
the machine sends a week's worth of bad
weather our way
liberty is given her own vehicle in
uniform and she joins the team after
kendra calls the team
ryder saves humdinger but when the
building collapses he is trapped inside
skye goes to stop the cloud catcher
chase takes a risk and saves ryder while
skye uses a kamikaze attack to destroy
the cloud catcher
she ejects from her plane just as it is
about to crash and flies back to the
city
mayor humdinger is apprehended by the
team and chase places him under arrest
for the chaos he has caused in the city
gross negligence public endangerment and
dog napping he tries to flee as quickly
as possible but sky stops him with her
mini drone
in a big ceremony the team is given the
key to adventure city
liberty becomes a full-fledged member
achieving her long-held ambition
ryder begins to speak but is interrupted
by a call from harris one of the dogs
from the dog jail who reports that there
is trouble at the waterfront prompting
the team to rush to the rescue while the
theme song plays
thanks for watching movies in five
minutes or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time